Let's take a second to review
what a genius you'd become since first starting this course.
You've now learned how to set up a Node and Express environments,
how to make routes through your server,
and requests through your client side code.
Then you've learned how to chain promises together to be able to work with data
dynamically that depends on outside sources and interactions.
Finally, you've learned how to take all that together and in real time update the UI
of your app so that people can see the dynamic data interacting for themselves.
My hope is that really this is just whet your appetite
because all we've done is go over the surface of what's possible with all of this.
What's really exciting to me is to think about all the amazing things that you
can do with asynchronous applications and web APIs.